don't panic there's nothing to worry
about this was just a glitch the banking
system is safe your money is safe
there's no reason to believe that the
place where you keep your hard-earned
savings would ever have any major issues
and now back to reality you came here
for the truth today we're going to look
at the issue with Bank of America
willing to talk about tech stocks and
many other points let's get into this
right away we are looking at this
article out of the Miami Herald
customers shut out of their accounts for
hours during Bank of America's system
outage this was not pre-planned this
wasn't a test that happened it was
official so many would say look it was a
glitch it was a few hours no big deal
well I'll tell you why that isn't the
case Bank of America customers were shut
out from their accounts for several
hours this individual said that he got
would look like a phishing email from
the bank
he called wondered what's going on
started panicking and then they realized
this was part of a more widespread issue
so no matter which way people tried to
access their accounts they were unable
to do so so let's get into some of those
posts through social media and what
people were saying
Bank of America system-wide outage on
the day I'm closing my house and there's
nothing they can do about it
the next person says you closed my bank
account with no notice how can I deposit
my check when I'm no longer have an
account stuck in Thailand so these are
two examples I'll show you a few more
but essentially the point I'm trying to
get across is look it was a few hours
for the majority of people that's fine
not a problem maybe they didn't even
need to access their account during that
period of time but what about these guys
they needed to get into their account
for serious things and yet they couldn't
access the
because the bank was locked down for
whatever reason in this case happens to
be a glitch then we have the possibility
that these are beta tests I'm not saying
that's what it is many people have said
that when these type of things happen
there is a chance that it could be a
beta test I'm not denying that I know
that they do that whether this time
specifically was a beta test I don't
know but we know that at some point when
the cashless society is fully
implemented they can own and control
everybody with the touch of a button and
they will do so we know that it's just a
matter of time now let me scroll down
for a moment here you can see this
through the mobile app we're sorry we
can't complete requests so that's
another example then you look at this
what's up not being able to transfer
system has been down for at least three
hours going on I can't make it deposit
there's a nationwide disruption so think
about that for a second year you have a
glitch but it's not just affecting one
ATM one bank machine or one bank we're
talking about all across the nation
these massive disruptions that can occur
and there's nobody who's going to be
able to fix it in the time you need you
can't do anything you can't speak to the
manager
you can't escalate the issue it is a
nation-wide disruption and you will
suffer as a result what happens if this
wasn't just for a few hours what if it
was a few days but it feels longer well
people would then have a bank run well
how they can't even access their money
this is the type of thing that I worry
about all the time when you have bank
holidays bank runs any type of glitches
you know I've covered it on the channel
before but people who have gone to the
ATM they look at their account and it
says they have $0 what's the problem I'm
just trying to take our money you're
telling me
zero dollars in the account and they go
to the bank machines zero dollars what
is it they complain finally okay it was
just a glitch and this happens not just
you know one offs it seems to happen at
a fairly regular intervals it seems so I
don't know what the story is exactly but
this is a cause for concern let's move
on here the major US stock indexes close
at record highs on Wednesday helping
partly by technology stocks which
surpassed a long-standing mark despite
the gains on the Dow being capped by a
sharp drop in IBM shares so this right
here surpassing the March 2000 calm boom
and right here it has been the best
performing sector this year with the
22.8% advance so I want to get in show
you the chart here the S&P 500 tech
sector finally eclipsed a 17-year record
on Wednesday so you can see that here
with the new high the difference this
time around between the dot-com boom I
would definitely say I would agree with
the fact that last time there was
significant euphoria and it deserved to
come crashing down okay
there's no doubt about that it just went
up way too fast this case however we
have seen that the rise has been much
lower if you take it from the past let's
say year you'll see that of course it
has gone into that euphoria moment
but comparing the two you can see
definitely this one has been a lot more
steady but the issue I have is and what
I want to address is that
I have documented here on this channel
that central banks are purchasing these
tech stocks pushing their prices up so
where would the stock prices be at if
there was no central bank purchases and
that's of course a what-if and that's
not the case but it would be the case
should they decide to sell I think
there's no reason why if they would sell
that these would come tumbling down at
least 50% and a 50% drop isn't really
unrealistic in terms of what we will see
during the next recession whenever that
is if it's going by Janet yellen's
theories then it would be not in our
lifetime but let's just say that we can
expect at least a 50% drop that is very
common I mean look at the financial
crisis even though they had very little
needed very little to actually
recuperate the economy or the stock
market I should say then you know it
still required a lot of effort on their
part or at least seemingly a lot of the
back-and-forth banter in all this
garbage one meanwhile they knew they
were going to print money all the time
so regardless of what's happening here
with the tech stocks I would just want
to point out a couple things I think
I've made my point let's move on to this
tens of thousands of people who took a
private loan to pay for college but have
not been able to keep up the payments
may get their debts wiped away because
critical paperwork is missing and what
this article here out of the San
Francisco Chronicle is talking about is
that this is similar to the subprime
mortgage crisis
billions of dollars and subprime
mortgage loans were ruled
uncollectible by courts because of
missing or fake documentation so that's
the situation that we are in the day
when you realize that so much debt has
been given out to people who shouldn't
have it in the first place and this of
course causes the boom that's what
happened with subprime people who even
were not classified as subprime
borrowers or getting mortgages and the
thought was don't worry because prices
will rise indefinitely
they learn a hard lesson and now things
are looking rather different but the
amount of debt which has been
accumulated in seemingly every sector is
really making its way known right now
look at this here as another example of
all the debt whether it's car loans
mortgages student loans personal that
national debt state city county province
doesn't matter
there's debt on all levels and here they
are some individuals might have that
wiped off we'll see they already get
their credit ratings boosted up so this
might be possible as well the idea of a
universal basic income monthly cash
payments from the government to every
individual working or not with no
strings attached is gaining traction
thanks in part to endorsements from
Silicon Valley celebs so essentially
they showed Mark Zuckerberg they showed
Elon Musk and basically said that we
will need to have a universal basic
income okay you get paid regardless of
what you do you want to sit on the couch
you want to be a couch potato that's
okay you're going to get a paycheck
anyway we love you and that might seem
like a good thing to some people
Elon Musk the way see I I think he's
different than what Mark Zuckerberg is
saying because Zuckerberg is really
promoting the idea whereas I feel that
musk is more along the lines of we're
going to take a lot of people's jobs
away they're going to need to have a
universal basic income we need to help
them out I see it as like two different
things
Zuckerberg is saying hey let's be so
wonderful and kind and let's give
everyone this quote unquote free money
whereas musk is trying to say people are
in for a big big problem and they need
money print it up and hand it to them I
just think that the suggestion that it's
not going to cost any more money is just
ludicrous they say that they are going
to be able to have all these carbon
taxes and taxes on financial
institutions they're going to be able to
pull the money in from existing sources
and that will pay for this so all of a
sudden everybody can get approximately a
thousand dollars a month that seems to
be the general consensus $1,000 a month
for everyone yet your taxes will not go
up if anyone believes that truly if
anyone believes that I just I want to
speak to you personally I just want to
speak to you personally and look into
your eyes and see what kind of drugs
you're on and I want to be on them and
last but not least researchers at the
University of Bristol found that the
children of women who took pills in
pregnancy were 41 percent more likely to
be autistic and they are specifically
talking about antidepressants here so it
is interesting to say to see this link
they're saying that you know it's a
small link but we are finding that to be
the case and I would just suggest that
you know this needs to be taken very
seriously the amount of pharmaceuticals
that are given out to people in general
not even to necessarily women during
and see I mean it's bad enough with that
but just in general it is something that
is very frightening I'll leave it at
that if you found this video informative
please give me a thumbs up last but not
least if you found this video
informative I know you will find my
books so many gps mi new release global
economic collapse even more informative
the first book talks about the four
asset classes are not a profit from them
whereas the new book touches on the
familiar subjects but we're looking at
things like becoming self-sufficient
solar panels everything like that if you
want to take a look amazon has it you
can flip through the pages links are in
the description take care